Workaround for missing SVG files support (#855)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/images.md

After establishing media library you can create object relations between the main Content item and the image content item being used by it.

To learn more about ImageAsset Field Type and its customization see [Field Type Reference](../api/field_type_reference.md#imageasset-field-type).

> ##Handling SVG images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling SVG images
```

    public function downloadSvgAction($contentId, $fieldIdentifier, $filename, Request $request)
    {
        $version = null;

        if ($request->query->has('version')) {
            $version = $request->query->get('version');
        }

        $content = $this->contentService->loadContent($contentId, null, $version);
        $language = $request->query->has('inLanguage') ? $request->query->get('inLanguage') : null;
        $field = $this->translationHelper->getTranslatedField($content, $fieldIdentifier, $language);

        if (!$field instanceof Field) {
            throw new InvalidArgumentException("'{$fieldIdentifier}' field not present in content #{$content->contentInfo->id} '{$content->contentInfo->name}'");
        }

        $binaryFile = $this->ioService->loadBinaryFile($field->value->id);
        $response = new Response($this->ioService->getFileContents($binaryFile));
        $disposition = $response->headers->makeDisposition(ResponseHeaderBag::DISPOSITION_INLINE, $filename);

        $response->headers->set('Content-Disposition', $disposition);
        $response->headers->set('Content-Type', self::CONTENT_TYPE_HEADER);

        return $response;
    }
}
```

> To be able to use a proper link in your templates you also need a dedicated Twig extension:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to use a proper link in your templates, you also need a dedicated Twig extension:
```

```php
<?php

namespace AppBundle\Twig;

use Symfony\Component\Routing\Router;
use Twig\Extension\AbstractExtension;
use Twig\TwigFunction;

class SvgExtension extends AbstractExtension
{
    /** @var \Symfony\Component\Routing\Router */
    protected $router;

    /**
     * SvgExtension constructor.
     * @param \Symfony\Component\Routing\Router $router
     */
    public function __construct(Router $router)
    {
        $this->router = $router;
    }

    /**
     * @return array|TwigFunction[]
     */
    public function getFunctions()
    {
        return [
            new TwigFunction('ez_svg_link', [
                $this,
                'generateLink'
            ]),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @param int $contentId
     * @param string $fieldIdentifier
     * @param string $filename
     *
     * @return string|null
     */
    public function generateLink(int $contentId, string $fieldIdentifier, string $filename)
    {
        return $this->router->generate('app.svg_download', [
            'contentId' => $contentId,
            'fieldIdentifier' => $fieldIdentifier,
            'filename' => $filename
        ]);
    }
}
```

> Thanks to that we can load SVG files in our templates using generated links and newly created Twig helper:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now you can load SVG files in your templates using generated links and newly created Twig helper:
```
